Your Majesty, if you try
I will bear it
It's not your turn to threaten me
Magpie Doctor
I just checked the pulse of the princess
The pulse is very peculiar
They burst.
Occasionally invisible
The princess has blood between her teeth
Purple tongue coating
Why are you here?
What's wrong with the princess?
The pulse is extremely disordered
Weak breathing
Bleeding from mouth and nose
Looks like a cold
It's like going to jail.
If you can't spray it, just say get out of the way
I'll do a kung fu
You heal.
Hahahaha
It is said that the prince of Zhenbei Palace plays hard
I never thought that the prince would heal and save people
Oh, that's strange.
Hmm
Ha ha.
Princess, how precious is the body of a thousand gold?
I advise you
Don't be arrogant
If it delays the princess' illness
The consequences can be imagined, hahahaha.